<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>NZO Hunting Magazine SPECIAL OFFER</title>
    </head>
    <body>
	<h1 style="color:#FF0000;text-align:center">NZO Hunting Magazine SPECIAL OFFER</h1>
	<p style="font-size:12px">Dear [NAME]</p>
	<p style="font-size:12px"><b><i>Do You Live to Hunt??</i></b></p>
	<p style="font-size:12px">Your name has come up here at NZ Outdoor Hunting as a hunter that has enjoyed reading our magazine.  </p>
	<p style="font-size:12px">However, we have noticed that your subscription has expired and would like to ensure that NZ Outdoor Hunting continues to entertain and inform you and your family for many years to come.</p>
	<p style="font-size:12px">Renew online today at <a href="http://www.nzoutdoor.co.nz/subscribe?rid=[SID]">www.nzoutdoor.co.nz/subscribe</a> using your subscribers ID <b>[SID]</b> and receive the special member's price of only <b>$44.90.</b></p>
	<p style="font-size:12px"><b><i>Cover price x 6 issues = <strike>$60.00</strike>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span style="color:#FF0000">Special price = $44.90</span></i></b></p>
	<p style="font-size:12px">You will save up to <b><span style="color:FF0000">30%</span></b> on the cover price by renewing now.</p>
	<p style="font-size:12px">Have each issue delivered to your door, free of charge, never miss an issue.</p>
	<p style="font-size:12px">Subscribe now in time for our Christmas issue and continue enjoying many more hours of great reading in NZ Outdoor Hunting.</p>

	<p style="font-size:12px"><br/>Kind Regards</p>

	<p style="font-size:12px"><br/>Debra Quaadgras<br/>
	    <a href="mailto:info@nzoutdoor.co.nz">Info@nzoutdoor.co.nz</a><br/>
	    Ph: 07 577 9931</p>

	<p style="font-size:8px;font-style:italic">You have received this email because you have subscribed to our magazine. If you do not want to receive these emails, then please click <a href="http://www.nzoutdoor.co.nz/subscribe/unsubscribe.php?auth=[UNSUB]">unsubscribe.</a></p>

    </body>
</html>